feat(pkg-r): website improvements (#162)
posit-dev/querychat: pkg-py/docs/tools.qmd

QueryChat combines [tool calling](https://posit-dev.github.io/chatlas/get-started/tools.html) with [reactivity](https://shiny.posit.co/py/docs/reactive-foundations.html) to not only execute SQL, but also reactively update dependent data views. Understanding how these tools work will help you better understand what QueryChat is capable of and how to customize/extend to its behavior. 

> One important thing to understand generally about QueryChat's tools is they are Python functions, and that execution happens on _your machine_, not on the LLM provider's side. In other words, the SQL queries generated by the LLM are executed locally in the Shiny app process, and only the results (if any) are sent back to the LLM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One important thing to understand generally about QueryChat's tools is they are Python functions, and that execution happens on _your machine_, not on the LLM provider's side. In other words, the SQL queries generated by the LLM are executed locally in the Shiny app process.
```

It's clarified below but this phrasing sets up "and sends the results back to the LLM" as the default behavior, but really it's only in the case of the `query` tool

> QueryChat provides the LLM access to three tools, serving two primary purposes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
QueryChat provides the LLM access to two tool groups:
```
